welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna look at George Romero's take
on vampire lore with the 1977 film
Martin if you're kind of a little shy
about your thirst for blood consider
subscribing to the channel let's get to
it we open on an overnight train to New
York
Martin heads to the toilet to prepare a
syringe and gently busts in on lady he's
been watching to try and seduce her with
some free drugs she rejects his offer
after it's too late and he persistently
begs her to just go to sleep I mean he
explains how important it is to him and
everything after she settles into
unconsciousness he does a little play
seduction before opening her vein he
drinks her blood then makes the room up
like a suicide in disembarks in
Pittsburgh here he meets his uncle CUDA
and they hop another train head into
town and eventually arrive at Cudas
house he offers to save Martin's soul
and destroy him before taking him to his
room he consistently refers to him as
Nosferatu and tries to set some ground
rules like no feasting on members of the
local community or he'll destroy him
sans salvation and Martin tries to
insist he's just a normal bro no magic
here my dude the next day we learned who
does sling and meet to all the local
blue hairs while at home Martin meets
his cousin Christina who never ever at
any point stops talking this eventually
brings him out of his shell and he
shares his classic finger guillotine
trick at dinner but then Christina's
boyfriend Arthur shows up causing Martin
to slink off somewhere Martin soon takes
to delivering packets of meat for kuda
and hits the jackpot on his second
delivery where he meets Abby who he
answers the door in her bodysuit and
gives him a ride back into town along
the way she unloads all of her marital
dissatisfactions on him and he listens
well saying nothing in return
believing him to be both the perfect man
and an absolute snack she puts him on
retainer to do some odd jobs around the
house that night Martin hears kuda
arguing with Christina about their
curseth lineage marred by the presence
of Nosferatu in their family tree the
next day Martin confides that he's glad
she doesn't believe in all that
superstitious nonsense but then also
claims to be 84 years old so he resists
the idea of medical intervention for
what she interprets as a mental
dysfunction so she recommends they all
have a sit down and discuss the issue at
some point they're interrupted by the
arrival of the phone man installing some
fresh lines in the house which now
allows her the luxury of having
arguments
Arthur at all times of day and night
meanwhile Martin heads out to hit up the
local erotic bookstore familiarizes
himself with his surroundings which
involves watching ladies and stalking
out their home situations he returns to
her later with a universal garage door
opener and makes his way through the
house while having flashbacks to his
first conquest but he walks in on an
unexpected situation thinking fast he
gives Lewis little prick on his back and
runs off this creates some confusion as
the lovers pondered the best course of
action for her after a stranger injects
you with an unknown substance he manages
to confound their attempts to call for
help and hits both victims with a dose
of his sleepytime juice this really gets
Lewis geared up but the double hit
proves to be too much
Martin drags him to the woods where he
pokes his throat with a stick and drinks
him up as we observe the outcome of his
first hunt which also ended under non
ideal circumstances we hear Martin
talking about himself to an unknown
party about his difficulty in engaging
in sexy stuff with active participants
as we focus back in on current time we
see it's Martin using his handy new
landline to spill his guts to a
late-night radio DJ he finds himself
back at Abby's house for some handy work
and when she gently caresses him he runs
off like a jackrabbit when he gets home
he finds they're dining with father
Howard a man toward whom kuda openly
expresses his dissatisfaction that young
priests like him don't believe any
longer in important matters like demons
entering the body he does scoff at him
but his plight enough to recommend a
crazy old cooter 'i can talk to pretty
soon without even a Hello father's Lemus
is there too awkwardly provide a lazy
and unsolicited prayer / exorcism /
Martin which continues even after he
just sort of walks away confirming that
forefathers Lemus it's mostly about
ritual Martin decides to get his payback
that night following CUDA through the
mist and damn near giving him a heart
attack when he lunges at him from the
darkness
however he reveals that it was all just
elaborate costuming because he was just
wanting to make a mockery of his belief
system encouraged by his newfound
assertiveness Martin arrives at Abbey's
home to announce that he's ready to try
the sex he comes out of the experience
positively glowing
which is why he's surprised to see her
so sad that bad huh
things begin to unravel at home when
kuda convinces arthur to follow his
instincts to leave town and recommends
against sticking it out with Christina
due to her like Lee rancid womb
she voices her anger at his meddling in
her personal affairs he pretty much
seals the deal we learned soon after
that she's leaving with Arthur
regardless if for no other reason than
to get out of town an upsetting
development from Martin who now finds
himself alone with kudo constantly
berated by civil society and incapable
of selecting fresh victims now that his
sexual satisfaction is being satiated by
a conscious woman the shakes get so bad
he ends up bludgeoning some hobos and
using broken glass to get at their life
juice he continues to make sloppy
mistakes when he breaks into a thrift
store for some fresh clothes attracting
the attention of the police as he flees
he stumbles into some sort of secret
meeting for gun enthusiasts he manages
to narrowly avoid injury and the ensuing
shootout that kills everyone else
presents after this he seeks consolation
in his relationship with Abby but finds
the strain of their infidelity was too
taxing on her and she took her own life
he resolves to get back to his normal
comfortable process moving forward
however kuda got wind of Abby's death
and doesn't believe it was done by her
own hand true to his word he stakes
Martin as he sleeps with no offer of
salvation and unceremoniously buries him
in the front garden
honestly I said we'd look at a
non-standard vampire movie in this
episode but really it seems like almost
all vampire stories not based on the
original material take the idea in a
relatively new or different direction
seems to be a very malleable and
universally engaging story if you enjoy
the video I'd love for you become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]